everyone knows how to use a TV to watch
their favorite TV shows and movies right
well a whole new generation of
internet-connected Smart TVs lets you
watch free content from a whole new
source the web hi there I'm Veronica
Belmont for sony and i'm going to show
you how you can enjoy online
entertainment and even make skype calls
on some HD TVs there's nothing like
getting something for free and an
Internet connected TV can open up a
world of instant access to entertainment
no cable or satellite box needed these
days smart HD TVs offer loads of
cutting-edge technology but one of the
most exciting benefits of these
televisions is entertainment from the
internet what's that you don't have an
internet connected TV no problem there
are other ways you can hook up to free
entertainment a playstation 3 system
blu-ray disc player or even an
inexpensive web-ready box you can
connect to virtually any TV okay okay
we'll cut to the chase and show you how
you can set up to stream internet on
your TV many smart TVs now offer
Ethernet connections that hook directly
into your internet router but select
models like this one are equipped with
built-in Wi-Fi that means you can place
your TV anywhere in the room and easily
connect it to your home Wi-Fi network
without the hassle of running cables to
your router some TV models are Wi-Fi
ready meaning that you'll need to
purchase a separate adapter in order to
connect to your wireless network once
your HD TV and Wi-Fi connection are set
up get ready to access all the
entertainment you could possibly want
you can instantly access thousands of
hit movies TV shows music choices online
videos and games from providers such as
YouTube crackle Pandora just name a few
and with internet apps you can access
news sports weather updates play games
check facebook and twitter all while you
watch TV with this TV new apps are
automatically delivered directly to your
HDTV so you'll never run out of things
to do and watch now speaking of free
things to do there's one more feature
that select internet TVs have that you
might be interested in skype you know
skype the internet voice and video call
service that lets you stay connected to
other skype friends and family for free
well now you can use skype on your big
screen TV check it out
hey hey Jamie let's go not much i'm
actually just doing a video uh can you
hold on for just a moment i have a lot
to tell you about no more squinting on a
tiny laptop or trying to squeeze your
entire family into the frame of a webcam
just to say hi on skype enabled TVs like
this one you just purchase a separate
compatible camera microphone accessory
connected to your TV pull up the skype
app on your TV screen and connect
instantly you're talking to your family
from the comfort of your couch the
cameras wide angle shows everything on
your big screen long gone are the days
of not having anything good to watch on
TV with new smart HD TVs and their
ability to stream an entire universe of
free entertainment via the internet
you've got everything you need right at
your fingertips i'm veronica belmont
with sony yeah let me tell you what
happened